Azure gov and armchecker updates (#161)
azsk/DevOpsKit-docs: 07-Customizing-AzSK-for-your-Org/Readme.md

           -DepartmentName "IT" `
           -PolicyFolderPath "D:\ContosoPolicies"
```

Note:

> For Azure environments otherthan Azure Cloud, don't forget to provide ResourceGroupLocation as the default value won't work in those environments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For Azure environments other than Azure Cloud, don't forget to provide ResourceGroupLocation as the default value won't work in those environments.
```

Author: done
